Mayakovsky’s attack on a cyclone
for half an hour the visitors could not
get out it is traditionally noted
title and sat between heaven and
ground at a height of three meters under the scorching
the sun instead of changing hostage
carousels offered a ride and another
circle as it turned out this is not the first time
when cyclone fails votkinsk
songs those someone better tell anastasia
long
so far inserts she didn't do that
it turns out
wild came second
heat
ride with the wind high
stately did not work for them cyclone so
called this attraction turned around
unbearable heat in the sun in three
meters above asphalt
they spend or half an hour
but ahead is positive as she
became higher addictions
a number of banks 20 meters from the road
and that after the robbery desired
place arrived
she suddenly struck suffers crossbar
so that the trailer gets under way and my mother is tried and
also had to pretty sweat a woman
indignant to the help of her family so no one and
didn't rush
nobody tried to help
the operator is that there is a casemate
experience on cameras debts something incomprehensible
sounds but no i
supplies began to scream loudly
but does not mean marry somewhere to call 2010
the population has no drinking water
central park employees
argue everything was not much they
did everything that depended on them at that moment
in attraction and mechanics checks
daily
tests of which did not foresee trouble
most likely cyclone day off just
could not stand the strain
This happens
food allergy is slightly less than that
which will be oleg then
victory in this part is easy to manage
unprofitable just celebrated in it
think that gives an error
will be just because of this
now this reason eliminates eliminate
reasons alone the park staff is not
going for the state
attraction must watch it
owner of the Tyumen company
there about the technical cataclysm learned from
journalists but promised to send on
boys besides telling that bye
his cyclone hangs is not the first time
which is strange because they made
italian father just this year in
end of April at any time
which got adore
he sent in full
after this accident
when the day with dad finally succeeded
get out of the trailers
they returned the money for the tickets 500 rubles
and immediately invited to try again
the new prices were also refused in Swedish crowns
darker than a cloud
Anastasia long bath Akishev news
forty first channel